---
title: Minutes for the joyent/node TSC meeting of 06/04/2015
date: 2015-06-04
layout: foundation-tsc-minutes-post.hbs
---

## Participants

* Colin Ihrig
* James Snell
* Julien Gilli
* Michael Dawson

## Discussions

### Weekly calls

Julien: Do we want to keep doing weekly calls with the current contributors to
joyent/node, or should all discussions be moved to the combined Node.js TSC
meeting?

James: Still has value in the short term. Maybe have them not every week but
when needed?

Michael: Maybe part of the LTS working group?

Colin: Need to make sure we bring joyent/node issues to the combined TSC call,
during the last two calls we had no discussions around joyent/node.

Julien: For instance adding collaborators from io.js to joyent/node is a topic
that I'd like to discuss in the combined call.

Michael: Actually another topic could be this very discussion that we have now
about transitioning this weekly call into the LTS working group call.

Action item: propose during next combined TSC call that this weekly call be
transitioned to the LTS working group call.

### Upgrade to libuv 1.6.0

Julien: the issue with OSX and tty is not severe to me. It's been present
since v0.11.12, happens on OSX only and is specific to TTY handling.

Michael: It seems that there's no need to rush the next v0.12.x release for
this particular issue, we should aim at including the fix in the next one when
it's ready.

James, Colin, Julien: agreed.

### Security report from HP

Julien: HP recently sent a security report mentioning potential security
issues, but all of them seem to be false positives. Currently finishing
investigations to be sure of that and communicating with them.

### RC4 deprecation fixes

Julien: Did another round of review and we're making progress. James will be
on vacation for the next 2 weeks so I'll do my best to take it from there.
We'll revert what's landed in v0.10 so far to prevent this from holding back
other changes, and submit a new single PR that contains all changes so that
there's only one place to comment.

Michael: If you need help with this just let us know.
