---
title: Minutes for the Node.js core team meeting of 01/15/2015
date: 2015-01-15
layout: foundation-tsc-minutes-post.hbs
---

## Participants

* Timothy J Fontaine
* Julien Gilli
* Robert Kowalski

## Topics

### Website

The only topic that was discussed during this meeting was the Node.js website.

#### HTTPS access

Robert suggested adding HTTPS access for Node.js' website. TJ mentioned that
there is already a HTTPS endpoint on the website, but that clients (browsers,
etc.) are not *redirected* by default from http to https, because doing so was
breaking a lot of people (e.g nvm).

Proposed solution by TJ: redirect everything by default to https except
nodejs.org/dist.

Robert proposed to setup a clone of the website with this change to be able to
test it.

#### Documentation versions

Robert suggested a new feature for the documentation available on Node.js'
website: accessing docs for different versions.

Robert asked if regenerating the documentation for versions older than 0.10
makes sense. TJ mentioned that we probably don't want to go back further than
0.10. However, participants agreed that in the future, publishing older
documentation could be fun and/or interesting.

TJ suggested that documentation generation tools could be refactored and
published as npm packages so that they can work standalone. That could make
generating documentation for different versions easier.

TJ also pointed out that a significant SEO effort went into making sure that
the latest Node.js documentation shows up when searching for Node
documentation, and that any change to the website's documentation should
preserve that.

