---
title: Minutes for the Node.js core team meeting of 12/16/2014
date: 2014-12-16
layout: foundation-tsc-minutes-post.hbs
---

## Participants

* Chris Dickinson.
* TJ Fontaine.
* Julien Gilli.
* Colin Ihrig.
* Wyatt Preul.
* James M Snell.

## Upcoming releases

### 0.10.34

Work on releasing 0.10.34 had already started, and is scheduled to be done
today (12/16/2014) or tomorrow (12/17/2014).

### 0.10.35

It is still not clear if and when a 0.10.35 version will be released, but
Chris Dickinson already identified [one of his pull-requests](TODO: Chris,
could you please provide the link to your PR about improving buffers'
performance?) as a good candidate for inclusion in this release.

### 0.11.15

Work on releasing 0.11.15 has already started. TODO: do we want to fix all
issues with --with-intl=small-icu before doing this release?

### 0.12.1

0.12.0 is not yet released, but some issues/PR can already be added to the
0.12.1 milestone. Good candidates for the 0.12.1 milestone are things we know
in the v0.12 branch are bugs but not blockers, and that we know are not API
changes that would break backward compatibility.

A good example is for instance the inclusion of the full ICU data in binary
installers for OS X and Windows.

## Node.js' Website

Wyatt Preul and other contributors have been very active recently in
integrating contributions to the Node.js' website that had been on hold for a
while. The core team discussed some of the current contributions/issues as
well as potential future improvements.

### Security page

One of these contributions is [the addition of a page dedicated to security
related informations](https://github.com/joyent/node-website/pull/60). In
order to make progress on that front, Wyatt needs the approval from the core
team.

### Future work on documentation

In the future, ideally users would be able to choose the version of the API
documentation they want to read. More general documentation (e.g tutorials,
best practices, etc) would also be very welcome. However, the goal would be to
not recommend any specific third party modules or application. A good example
of some more general documentation would be an article on "How to use Node.js'
http module efficiently?"

The team agreed on updating the documentation as soon as possible. In
practice, that means as soon as documentation PRs are landed. The Makefile
included in Node.js' source repository should already make this easy.

Regarding the merge of documentation changes, they should follow the same
process as code changes. Documentation changes should be made in the oldest
supported version that is affected, and merges should happen as soon as
possible and should land in any version also affected by the change.

### Discussions on the process to add a new page

The participants agreed that before adding any new page to the Website, the
core team should approve it by adding a comment in the associated pull-request
page on GitHub.

## Other dicussions

### Development process

There has been some discussions on how and when to land contributions in the
source tree, and when to merge them into other branches. The team agreed on
merging early and often, which hasn't necessarily been the case recently.

Changes should be landed in the branch representing the oldest supported
version affected by the change (v0.10 as of now). Merges should be done as
soon as possible in branches representing any other version affected.

The team also agreed to try to use GitHub milestones more. Three new
milestones have been created: 0.11.16, 0.12.0 and 0.12.1. The team should make
sure that any issue or PR that should be considered for these releases be
added to the appropriate milestone.

However, milestones on GitHub are quite limited. For instance, it is not
possible to add an issue or a PR to more than one milestone. When this is
needed, labels can be used to add the appriopriate information.

### ICU support

ICU will be enabled for as many platforms as possible (with `--with-intl=small-
icu`, which includes only the English locale) in the 0.11.15 release. Steven R.
Loomis and Julien Gilli are currently working on fixing the latest remaining
issues. As of today, all builds and tests pass on all supported platforms, but
some PRs need to be reviewed and landed.

The 0.12.0 release will not be blocked by these issues. In the worse case,
platforms for which ICU support is not working properly will be fixed in the
0.12.1 release.

Support for full ICU data (with many more locales) will be provided in a later
0.12.x release (ideally 0.12.1). Note that this will not change the `Intl`
API, so there's no need to worry about backward compatibility.

### OpenSSL patches queue and handling dependencies

Chris Dickinson started to work on a way to use a patches queue to handle
Node.js' dependency on OpenSSL.

Ideally, instead of writing its own gyp files to build OpenSSL, Node.js would
apply custom patches from a patch queue and use gyp only to drive OpenSSL's
original build process (e.g `./configure && make && make install`).

TODO Chris Dickinson: Could you please  mention the only patch that needs to
be submitted upstream for OpenSSL? I think you mentioned something like a
"return" patch?

Ideally, that approach would be generalized to as many dependencies as
possible (e.g zlib).

### Recent changes to mdb

TJ Fontaine has done some very exciting progress on mdb. He added a new
`::jsscope` command that allows users to examine the content of a given
function's closure. (TODO: TJ, could you please correct any
approximation/mistake and add any relevant info?).

### Planning of next core team meetings

Every Tuesday, Chris Dickinson will send and e-mail to team@nodejs.org to ask
for things people want to discuss on the next core team meeting happening
every Thursday.
