---
title: Minutes for the Node.js core team meeting of 12/18/2014
date: 2014-12-18
layout: foundation-tsc-minutes-post.hbs
---

## Participants

* Chris Dickinson
* TJ Fontaine
* Julien Gilli
* Colin Ihrig
* Steven R. Loomis

## Update on ICU

### Build process

The team agreed that the download of ICU's source code should be opt-in
instead of the default. This would bring node's ICU support more in line with
the build process of most other projects. This is not considered a a blocker
for 0.11.15.

### Tests

Standard tests have already been run on all supported platforms with node
built with --with-intl=small-icu, and no error has been found. However, there
is currently just one ICU specific test (in `test/simple/test-intl.js`).

Tests for the support of full ICU data shipped with binary packages have
started. They  pass for the OS X installer. Support for shipping full ICU data
needs to be implemented on Windows (in the MSI installer), SmartOS and Linux
(in binary tarballs). However, this is not a priority for the 0.12.0 release.

There is currently no test in the node code base to test full ICU support, all
tests for full ICU support have been done manually so far.

#### Packaging full ICU data

The team agreed to store full ICU data in a separate file located relative to
node's binary. It will be loaded by computing its location at runtime relative
to Node.j's executable path. Steven noted that ICU supports a list of paths to
load data from, which could help to supports platforms like Windows that do
not put the node binary in a separate "bin" subdirectory.

The participants also agreed to implement this at the C++ layer.

## 0.10.34 release

The 0.10.34 version released on 12/17/2014 has three different issues:

* SSL/TLS connections to some servers, including amazon servers throw an
exception because of an untrusted certificate. Participants agreed to fix this
issue by putting 1024 bits length certificates back in the trusted
certificates store.

* A minor timer issue due to a typo in a fix for a memory leak.

* A less minor timer issue due to a bug in the refactoring of `_unrefActive`
done to improve performance.

## Discussions around tools for developers of Node

The participants discussed about various tools that could improve the workflow
of contributors to Node.js' core.

### A tool to apply pull requests

This tool could be an equivalent of `curl PR.patch | git am - --signoff`, with
additional features like:

* Adding metadata from the GitHub PR.
* Updating the AUTHORS file.

### nodebug.me command line version

Chris Dickinson recently released a command line interface to its great
http://nodebug.me/ issues/PRs triaging tool.

