---
title: Node 0.10.X/0.12.X LTS team meeting 05/21/2015
date: 2015-05-21
layout: foundation-tsc-minutes-post.hbs
---

## Participants

* Alexis Campailla
* James Snell
* Julien Gilli
* Michael Dawson

### Upcoming releases

#### v0.12.4
Looking to do a 0.12.4 release soon, end of this week or early next week to address:

* breaking v8 change https://github.com/joyent/node/issues/25324 - have PR ready
* Windows XP issues, have pull request from io.js, ready to pull over

James also has RC4/Bar Mitzvah fix ready to go back in as well

If time permits Alexis will do more investigation to identify what caused the XP issue

### npm testing

Michael: update to npm 2.8.4 broke our test-npm target.  PR to fix is here: 
https://github.com/joyent/node/issues/25290.  Previously you could run tests without
install but now install is required or tests don't run. 

Julien: we shoul talk with npm team on how to make sure the best way to run the tests

Action: Michael to follow up with Forrest Norvell to discuss

### LTS


James: Some concern over moving directly to next LTS based on converged repo, we may need
to allow for a 0.14.X

After discussion we agreed that we need to provide more information so that people have
a better idea of what will be changing and the impact.  More specifically:

* gather list of breaking changes that will be in converged repo so that we can document
and better communicate what will be different

* reach out broadly to users to gather input on what their specific concerns might be
in terms of an LTS release, including timing, content etc.

Overall we want to figure out what the right answer is and be open to that alternative.

Action: James will push on these 2 aspects. 

### Deprecation

There was some discussion about how a platform would be deprecated.  One suggestion was that for 
platforms that no longer have vendor support (ex Windows XP) we would deprecate.  It might also
be appropriate for non-core platforms if there is nobody actively maintaining them.   It is a relatively
complex issue so Alexis will open an issue on github (in the LTS repo) to discuss.

### Logjam

https://weakdh.org/

James/Julien had run tools provided in report against Node 0.10.X and 0.12.X and they don't report an
issue so its only the second part which applies.  This is related to allowing short key lengths. 
There are already some patches in io.js that may be pulled across although we likely would want a 
fallback option that they may not contain.  Based on the report we want to move this forward but
its not urgent. 
