---
title: Minutes for the Node.js core team meeting of 02/26/2015
date: 2015-02-26
layout: foundation-tsc-minutes-post.hbs
---

## Present
-----
- Alexis Campailla
- Colin Ihrig
- TJ Fontaine
- James Snell
- Robert Kowalski
- Michael Dawson
- Chris Dickinson

## Discussion

### General

TJ has pull request to update the core team - active contributors page.
Attendees reviewed and it should go out imminently.

Discussed proposal to have github project for core team to capture
discussions, initially to be used to capture some ci configuration. TJ is
going to set this up.

### Delivery of ICU data

Steven Loomis mentioned there was a suggestion to delivery to an npm.
Attendees seemed to like this idea and discussion will be carried forward in
https://github.com/joyent/node/pull/9091.

### Website updates

Discussion of proposal to rewrite node.js.org to https minus a few exceptions.
Expecting pull request in next week or so.

### Node Internationalization

James looking at 2 aspects:

* Internationalize Node itself, going to start on this next week.  Will use ICU
if present, if not still need to figure out what the fallback will be.
* Resource bundle loading.


### Next Releases

#### 0.10.X

* In maintenance mode, new releases generally to  address security or larger
performance issues.
* 0.10.37 to go out this week, early next.  Main update is newer version of
libuv.
* TJ asked Michael to look to do some pre-validation on AIX.

#### 0.12.X

* Some failing tests in 0.12 head now.
* Working to get jenkins job in place that can be run before integrating
changes.
* Seeing some memory issues, some because node generates more garbage some
because V8 gc is less aggressive. TJ still investigating some others which
look to be real issues.

#### 0.12.1 release

Key priority issues:

* libuv upgrade to 1.4, some issues seen on Windows, Alexis investigating.
* VM.
* joyent/node#9628 pull request for passing in 0 for port.
* Set server issue (James investigating).
* Abort on uncaught exception (io.js issue #836 for reference).

Colin raised issue of pull request to add abort to http.
Since this would change the API needs to be done in 0.14 as opposed to 0.12.
TJ suggested a work around for current releases.
