{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\vieww12540\viewh14500\viewkind1
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs22 \cf0 Node.js Foundation
\b0 \
MINUTES OF THE PUBLIC SESSION OF A REGULAR MEETING OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS\
31 May 2016\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf0  \
A public session of a regular meeting of the Board of Directors (the \'93Board\'94) of the Node.js Foundation, a Delaware not-for-profit membership corporation, was held on 31 May 2016 at 2:00pm Pacific Time via teleconference.\
 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 Directors Attending and Participating\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 \
Ashley Williams (Individual Member), Brian McCallister (Groupon), Feross Aboukhadijeh (Individual Member), Charlie Robbins (GoDaddy), Colleen Evans (Microsoft), Rich Sharples (Red Hat), Todd Moore (IBM), Rod Vagg (NodeSource), Danese Cooper (PayPal)\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 Counsel Participating\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 \
Andrew Updegrove (Gesmer Updegrove LLC)\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 \
Also Participating\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 \
Todd Benzies (The Linux Foundation), Mikeal Rogers (The Linux Foundation), Tracy Hinds (The Linux Foundation), Scott Nicholas (The Linux Foundation)\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 Call to Order\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0  \
Director Cooper called the meeting to order at 2:05pm Pacific Time and Mr. Benzies recorded the minutes. A quorum of Directors was established for the conduct of business and the meeting, having been duly convened, was ready to proceed with business.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sb60\sa60\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Antitrust Compliance Notice\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sb60\sa60\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 Mr. Rogers reviewed the Antitrust Compliance Notice.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sb60\sa60\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 \
Current Membership and Board Directors\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sb60\sa60\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 \
Mr. Rogers reviewed the current membership.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sb60\sa60\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Agenda\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 \
Mr. Rogers introduced the agenda.  There were no additional topics added.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 \
Welcome Colleen Evans\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 \
Mr. Rogers introduced Colleen Evans, noting that Director Evans will be replacing Director Rabellino for Microsoft.  Upon motion duly made by Director McCallister, seconded by Director Sharples and approved by all Directors in attendance, the following resolution was adopted:\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 RESOLVED:
\b0   That the Board hereby acknowledges the appointment of the following individual by Microsoft to serve as a Platinum Director (as defined in the By-laws):
\b \
\pard\tx1080\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-360\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0 \cf0 \uc0\u9679 	Colleen Evans.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sb60\sa60\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\b \cf0 \
Approval of Minutes\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0 \cf0 \
Mr. Rogers asked the Directors to approve the minutes of the public session of the April 25, 2016, meeting of the Board of Directors which had been attached as Exhibit A to the slide deck distributed in advance of the meeting. Upon motion duly made by Director Robbins, seconded by Director Moore and approved by all Directors in attendance, save for Director McCallister who abstained, the following resolution was adopted:\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sb60\sa60\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\b \cf0 RESOLVED:
\b0  That the minutes of the public session of the April 25, 2016, meeting of the Board of Directors, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A, are hereby confirmed, approved and adopted.
\b \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\b \cf0 Node.js in the Media\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0 \cf0 \
Mr. Rogers introduced the topic of Node.js in the media, noting that the Foundation has maintained a very steady state and is now squaring back up with Java.\
\
A question was raised about what drove the Java number up.  Director Cooper noted that there has been a recent roadshow related to Java that could have caused this.\
\
Mr. Rogers noted that there has been good Twitter growth, closing in on 350,000 followers.  Mr. Rogers also noted that the Foundation recently launched LinkedIn and Facebook pages.  Mr. Rogers provided media highlights for the v6 release, as well as the continued impact from the Foundation survey.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\b \cf0 TSC Update\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0 \cf0 \
Mr. Rogers introduced the topic of a TSC update and requested Director Vagg provide an overview of recent activity.  Director Vagg noted that ES modules discussion with spec writers and VM implementers is ongoing, trying to get a better outcome for Node.js.\
\
Director Vagg also noted that related to v6, the release has gone really well and is very stable.  He further noted that it is proving the success of release model.  Director Vagg stated that there are some technical issues around stdio, related to change in libuv and that it has been difficult to track down, but progress is being made.  Finally, Director Vagg noted that npm reports 2.5x market growth in just one month, which is roughly 10% market share.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\b \cf0 Commits to Core Branches\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0 \cf0 \
Mr. Rogers introduced the topic of commits to core branches, noting that the number of commits flowing in are the best yet and there should be a continued uptick next month due to v6.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\b \cf0 Events Update\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0 \cf0 \
Mr. Rogers introduced the topic of an events update, noting that Node.js Live Beijing was the most successful Live event yet.  Mr. Rogers provided an overview of various learnings that were also detailed to the Board in an email prior to the Governing Board meeting.  Mr. Rogers noted that there is a thriving Community in China, but the Foundation needs to continue to bridge the gap between the Foundation and the Community in China.\
\
Director Cooper noted that this experience in China is consistent with open source, and agreed that the Foundation should continue to further bridge the gap.  Director Evans offered to help with this effort through Microsoft Beijing.\
\
Mr. Rogers noted that as it relates to Node.js Interactive Amsterdam, the Foundation will be selecting talks this week.  Mr. Rogers stated that there are two sponsors for Interactive in Europe and four sponsors for Interactive in the United States.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\b \cf0 Adjournment\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0 \cf0 \
At 2:29pm Pacific Time, Director Cooper adjourned the meeting.\
\
\
Respectfully submitted,\
\
__________________________\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sb60\sa60\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 \
}